specification: add omgidl to appendix (#894)
foxglove/mcap: website/docs/spec/registry.md

- a line containing exactly 80 `=` characters, then
- A line containing only `IDL: <package resource name>` for that definition. The space between `IDL:` and the package resource name is mandatory. The package resource name does not include a file extension.

### omgidl

The `omgidl` schema encoding stores [OMG IDL](https://www.omg.org/spec/IDL/4.2/About-IDL) definitions for (X)CDR-encoded messages.

- `name`: The globally-scoped name of the message type, eg. `my_company::my_module::MyType`
- `encoding`: `omgidl`
- `data`: valid OMG IDL definition file contents with a definition for the message type and all referenced types.

#### Producing `schema.data` for the `omgidl` schema encoding

> Most commonly, IDL definitions for separate types are stored in separate files, and use C++ preprocessor `#include` statements to include definitions for types referenced in that definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most commonly, IDL definitions for separate types are stored in separate files, and use the preprocessor directive `#include` to include definitions for types referenced in that definition.
```

For full precision I think this language is more correct. The IDL spec never mentions "C++" in the context of the preprocessor, it just defines what a "preprocessor directive" looks like for IDL. You could call them "C++-style" if you wanted to make the connection for users, but I don't think it's necessary - though I'd also note in that case that it's really just "C-style".

Author: I believe the IDL spec specifically calls out C++, so i'm mirroring that here.
> IDL shall be preprocessed according to the specification of the preprocessor in ISO/IEC 14882:2003.
https://www.iso.org/standard/38110.html

Reviewer: Ah - thanks for the info! I glossed over the ISO number when I read that section of the IDL spec.

> For the `omgidl` schema encoding, the `data` field needs to contain all of those definitions in a single block of bytes. One way to produce this is to use a C++ compiler to resolve those `#include` directives:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `omgidl` schema encoding, the `data` field needs to contain all of those definitions in a single block of bytes. One way to produce this is to use a C preprocessor to resolve those `#include` directives:
```

Noting that `cpp` is not a compiler, it's the standalone gnu C preprocessor program. If a user tried `g++` or `c++` or  `clang++` as the command for above, it would not work because the compiler would try to read the `.idl` as  a linker file. Not sure how you would run this on windows, but that's probably fine.
